---
title: Cambridge University
author: articleos
date: 2024-12-23 23:50:00 +0300
categories: [United Kingdom]
tags: [university]
image:
  path: /assets/img/images/1.png
  alt: ArticleOS
---

## Established

The University of Cambridge was founded in 1209. Cambridge is the fourth-oldest university in the world.

## Motto

Hinc lucem et pocula sacra

(From this place, we gain enlightenment and precious knowledge).

## Students

Undergraduates: 12,910

Postgraduates: 12,010

Total students: 24,912 (2024-2025 figures)

## Staff

12,556 members of staff employed in academic, academic-related, contract research, technical and administrative roles.

## Colleges

The University is made up of 31 constituent Colleges.

## Admissions

21,445 people applied for around 4,550 undergraduate places in 2023. Over 70% of our UK applicants came from state schools.

## Leadership

Chancellor: The Lord Sainsbury of Turville

Vice-Chancellor: Professor Deborah Prentice​​

## Honours

Among our alumni and affiliates we have 125 Nobel Prize Laureates, 47 Heads of State, 210 Olympic medallists.


## Graduate employment

90% of leavers who responded to the Graduate Outcomes Survey were in work or further study within 15 months of graduating.

## A global University

Cambridge is a globally diverse institution. Our students come from 142 different countries.

Our researchers collaborate with colleagues worldwide. The University has established partnerships in Asia, Africa, the Americas and Europe. Find out more about our global partnerships

## Innovation

The University of Cambridge sits at the heart of one of the world’s largest technology clusters. The Cambridge cluster is home to 5,300 knowledge-intensive companies. It is the birthplace of 23 businesses valued at more than $1 billion (£800 million).

Cambridge promotes the interface between academia and business, and has a global reputation for innovation.

## Official Web Site

You can copy and paste following link to your browser to visit Official Web Site.

```markdown
https://aom.org/events/annual-meeting?gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiAsaS7BhDPARIsAAX5cSD8aQUIXeWWF3WsHBJlWCUdjN0X6SD5Apen3ts_eYIJYu5cGNi_elIaAn0eEALw_wcB
```
{: .nolineno}

> If you submit your application for this university, please indicate that you read this university at ArticleOS UniversityList.
{: .prompt-tip }

